Do you have an awful feeling about asynchronous tournaments? And do you lose yourself in one-year, two-year, or three-year tournaments? And do you feel you are a slave of tournaments in the process?

Okey... I don't know whether this tournament will really work or not. Let's try it. 

 

This tournament includes 3 parts: regular games, free games, and top 8 games. 

 

REGULAR GAMES:

I will divide you into 6 players per group every week.  So you would have 5 games every week. I will start your 5 games one by one per day from Monday to Friday. And you have 4 weeks(4 stages). 

Every game is worth 5 points. The winner gets 5 points. The loser gets 0 points. 

Notice: 1.This tournament doesn't encourage asynchronous mode. You should discuss with your rival to find a time to finish your game in 1-2 hours. But if both of you would like to finish the game with asynchronous mode, it's okay. And both of you must finish the game before Sunday. Because I need time to set a new weekly stage.

2.Group dividing is random every week.

If you are busy and want to postpone your game for 1 day. It's okay. Please connect me before I start the game. And you must finish the game before Sunday as I said.

You can connect with me by Discussion of this tournament. 

 

FREE GAMES: 

If you think 5 games per week is not enough. You can find a rival from this tournament and play a free game. Your rival can reject your invitation. 

Every game is worth 2 point. The winner gets 2 point. The loser gets 0 points. 

NOTICE: 1. you can play with the same rival only once per WEEK. "The same rival" includes your regular games' rivals.

2. you can't play more than 10 free games per week. 

3. regular games start by me on the CGE tournament system, and free games start by yourselves. 

4. regular games and free games last 4 weeks.

Please connect me to let me know your free game result. 

 

RANK TABLE: 

I will update the players' RANK TABLE every week with the results of regular games and free games. 

 

TOP8 GAMES: 

I expect less than 50 players would join in this tournament, I guess top8 is enough.

TOP8 players would go on the 5th stage. BO5. 1st vs 8th, 2nd vs 7th, etc. 

BETTING RULE: Before your game start, you must tell us how many points you want to bet on your game. If you win the game, you get points you bet. Otherwise, you lose points you bet. If you don't tell me your bet in time, I will automatically set abs(your rival's points - your points)+1 as your bet. And you can bet 0 point, but you can't bet more points than you own.

TOP8 players' points is from their regular and free games. Who has more points after BO5 will win the BO5 and get a promotion. 

One game per day from Monday to Friday which is as same as regular games. 

TOP4 would go on the 6th stage. And TOP4 every player would have additional 100 points to bet.

And then final stage  starts.  Every players would have additional 300 points to bet. Whether the 3rd place games would start depends on the two players' idea.  

 

Level limit: 30+

Prize: I'm poor. (ಥ﹏ಥ) No prize here. Just for fun and friendship. 

Game speed: 3h/turn, 3h for responding, 21h/age reserve, but please find a time and finish it in 1-2 hours. If you wanna pause and leave your seat, please tell to your rival. 

Time: I will start regular games everyday in 

Japan/Korea Time UTC+7: 19:00

China Time UTC+8: 18:00

Czech/Germany Time  UTC+1: 12:00

USA Time(Washington)  UTC-4: 06:00

USA Time(Califonia) UTC-7: 03:00

 

If you adbandon or overtime ≥ 3 regular games per week, I would kick you out.

Sorry for my bad English. If you can't understand rules, please connect me by Discussion. 

 I don't invite any player because I hope players read the rule first.

I will start this tournament on 2022 June 20th. But if the number of players is less than 24 players. It shows this tournament is a bad idea. I will cancel this tournament. 